So I'm gonna cut you loose for a minute,
I made different button variants,
good on me.
There is also the concept of sizes
of buttons, I made some arbitrary
decisions on how I want my button
sizes to be if you hate these sizes.
And you wanna make a giant button,
you do whatever you want.
If you want some free CSS,
take my CSS, do whatever you want.
Your job over the next few
minutes is to go ahead and
then add in this idea of button sizes,
along with all the variants that we have.
Awesome, so
our job was to add a new prop to help
determine the size of our component.
And so let's go ahead and let's do that.
So I think we have way
more than three sizes.
But you get as much of the point
implementing three sizes as
you do the five or
six that we end up having.
So we can say size and
it will all depend a little bit,
a weird thing about me is I don't
like shortened words or acronyms.
Even stuff like dev tool ironically I
call it developer it's really obnoxious,
so I will call it small, medium, large.
Your design system might be different cuz
I don't know what to tell you about it
with xxl or extra, extra large,
you decide what you wanna do.
So we've got the sizes here and
I do need to add those to the CSS cuz I
don't think they're included in here.
Let's actually grab those classes
from where I gave them to you.
And we can basically use a lot
of these same techniques here.
And so we've got that in place,
we've got the styles, and
those are in the module now.
So we can actually add it in here.
So we can say that we're gonna pull
off the size, no, no, not sizes, size.
The size as well, so we'll say size,
and you can decide if you wanna
have a default in this case.
I'm gonna assume that since I've got
three buttons, small, medium, large,
I'm going to decide that
medium is the default size.
You could also make those things required.
It all depends on like the use
cases of your design system for
me /us, medium is our default one.
Cool, and then all you really need to do
here is, now that we're using this you can
imagine if we had to do three
more of those if statements.
And concatenate stuff on that would
get obnoxious, we might start playing
around with array.join space, all sorts of
stuff, but I don't have to do any of that.
I can just say styles, size, and
that is going to get the key off
of that value as well in here.
And out of curiosity before I add
any stories, I'm gonna peek over,
it's not really curiosity,
but we'll go ahead.
The hot module reload is great for
the components, but for
that kind of generation of refresh,
we'll do the trick.
We have small, medium,
large, disabled, enabled.
So the question we got earlier is,
would you make a story for
every single combination.
We'd already be at what,
like three times three times three?
Three times two times whatever,
so I don't know if I would
necessarily do that, right?
I might have one for a disabled
button if I wanted to verify that it
was in fact disabled or
something along those lines.
And then I wouldn't do a primary large,
secondary large,
destructive large, so on and so forth.
I would probably have these three and
then maybe a small and
a large since mediums default,
maybe I'll include medium.
It's kind of like,
it doesn't really matter, but
if I wanted to verify something,
then I could do that as well.
So let's go ahead and add that.
And again, this becomes export
cons small and are small.
And we'll do the large and
we'll see one thing that,
no, I don't want medium,
I'm trying to make a point here.
I export cons, large, story, story,
story with the arges of size large,
thank you IntelliSense great.
So one thing that you will notice
is that one if we go to small,
you see that the small radio
button is selected and
if we go to large, we can see
the large radio button is selected.
In the event where
theoretically we are passing in
undefined then it's not selected at all.
For most, that is technically
meaningful cuz it is undefined and
there might be a difference.
You might not necessarily have a medium,
but the default for me that bothers me.
And if it bothers you,
we can fix it very easily.
If you are a much more of
a just well rounded person,
then you have to worry about these things.
So I can go ahead and
say that by default unless I override it,
then we'll say yeah, sure the variant
is primary and the sizes medium.
And now in all of our stories, we will see
the selections are in place there, right?
Again, if undefined is meaningful,
don't set it.
If you want a default in there because
it bugs you that it's not there,
go ahead and set it.
Is it important either way?
Cuz our code still then programmatically
defaults to primary medium,
sure do that as well.
Whatever makes you happiest
will work in this case.